How do I install TNT?
---------------------

To install TNT, you must perform two steps.  First, you must ensure
that the TNT Lisp files are readable to you and in a directory that is
on your load path; second, you must arrange for these files to be
loaded into Emacs.  There are several ways of accomplishing each step.
The method you choose will depend on how your computer is set up and
on your personal preferences.  Rather than attempt to describe all
possibilities, I'll just describe one simple, albeit non-optimal,
method.  If you are experienced with Emacs, you'll undoubtedly want to
improve on it.  If not, just use this, and it should work fine.

All you'll need to do is add two lines to your Emacs init file.  This
file is typically called ".emacs" and usually resides in your home
directory.  Edit this file and add the following two lines to the end,
substituting the absolute path of the directory containing this
INSTALL file (which should also contain several other files, including
"tnt.el") for the "/full/path/to/tnt" in the first line.  For example,
if this INSTALL file were actually at "/full/path/to/tnt/INSTALL", you
would use it exactly as shown.

    (setq load-path (cons "/full/path/to/tnt" load-path))
    (load "tnt")

Once you've done this, exit and restart Emacs to force the change to
take effect.  If you see an error message in the echo area at the
bottom of the Emacs window, you may have mistyped one of the lines.
If there's no error, you're probably all set.  To test whether TNT was
loaded, use the describe-function command (invoked by C-h f) to
describe the function tnt-open.  If it works, you should be able to
run TNT.

You'll probably also want to add some additional variable bindings in
the .emacs file, after the above two lines, to further customize or
simplify use of TNT.  The README file gives details on all the
user-definable variables.  You almost certainly want to define either
tnt-default-username or tnt-username-alist.  

Have fun!

